## Infinite Library

The Library has endless shelves (some of which are Mobius shelves), but is covered by a dome only a few hundred feet across. The endless shelves may well be concealed between the two shelves right in front of one's eyes. Even the Librarian sometimes has to use a ball of thread to mark his own trail. Occasionally a faculty member gathers a group of brave or unwisely curious students to find, for example, the Lost Reading Room. One such expedition headed by 'Bogeyboy' Swallatt got lost in the maze of shelves and was forced to eat their own boots to survive; when they found the remains of the previous year's expedition they ate their boots too.There are connections to every library and every collection of books in the Multiverse, again by the principle of L-Space. This includes earlier and later versions of itself.However, it should be noted that the fact that it houses books is the main reason that it is magical and dangerous. The additional fact that some of the books are about magic spells, written by wizards, is only a small enhancement of the magical dangers of the Library. Books contain knowledge, and knowledge equals power, which according to the laws of physics can be converted to energy and matter, so the Library contains an extremely large mass that can distort time and space. The Library contains many normal books on topics such as history, geography, philosophy but it also contains books never written, spotter's guides to invisible things, dictionaries of illusionary words and atlases of imaginary places. If you were to know where to look, you could find any book, even ones predictiong the future. That would involving knowing which of the infinite number of books predicting an infinite number of futures is the right one though.

---
TAGS: endless shelves|Mobius shelves|dome|multiverse|L-Space|lost reading room|knowledge equals power|magical dangers|unwritten books|imaginary places

